---

layout: post

description: How to find inner peace in every situation.

categories: [Mindset]

title: How I was rejected by 600 companies and still be OK

---

# How I was rejected by 600 companies and still be OK

> I returned to Beijing on 8 May in 2020 to find a developer job. Machine learning and data analysis are my top two priorities. Unfortunately, I was rejected by over 600 companies.



Being rejected doesn't feel good. In fact, it could possibly mentally destroy a person. Before we delve into the psychology part, let me tell you a story. 

When I was a kid, my parents used to lock me inside my room so I couldn't go anywhere and get into trouble, because they had to work and no one would be looking after me. That's a tough choice they had to make. At that time, I was cool being locked. I can play with my toys all day. When my parents came back, they were always surprised by the fact that I was still calm. It seems I was born enjoy being alone.

However,  I wasn't enjoy loneliness. I knew there was nothing I can do to keep my parents by my side, so I chose to find a way to deal with being alone. Now over 600 recruiters rejected me, saying I am not qualified to be a developer in their company. Should I believe them and stop coding? Of course no. If I did, I might never be qualified to be a great developer. If I believed whatever they said, I would make their words a reality. If I doubt myself when everyone leaves me, I would be struggling in that locked room ten years ago. I always have faith in myself, I would be the one who proceeds when everyone else has given up. I am not stop coding just because I couldn't be coding and paid at the same time. Those rejections are just facts that I have no control of. Living is all about focusing on those things that we can control. 

How could I be so cool being rejected 600 times? By admitting I wasn't good enough **for now**. By focusing on what I can control which means I need to strengthen my coding skills and build more projects. In this life, all the results are just byproducts that take time. Living in the moment means we have to focus on the present and take action. That's the mindset of a practitioner, that's the mindset of a great developer, and that was also the mindset of a young kid who had been locked in a tiny room and still be happy.